Add primitive docs for custom derivatives in Clad sphinx docs (#1444)
vgvassilev/clad: docs/userDocs/source/index.rst

Overview
------------

Clad enables
`automatic differentiation (AD) <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automatic_differentiation>`_
for C++. It is based on LLVM compiler infrastructure and is a plugin for
`Clang compiler <http://clang.llvm.org/>`_. Clad is based on source code
transformation. Given C++ source code of a mathematical function, it can
automatically generate C++ code for computing derivatives of the function.

.. todo::

   Add section that describes complete set of supported language features.

Clad supports a large set of C++ features including control flow statements and
function calls. Please visit (add hyperlink here) to know more about the
support of language features. It supports reverse-mode AD (a.k.a backpropagation)
as well as forward-mode AD. It also facilitates computation of hessian matrix and
jacobian matrix of any arbitrary function.

> Automatic differentiation solves all the usual problems of numerical
> differentiation (precision loss) and symbolic differentiation
> (inefficient code produced). If you are just getting started with clad, then please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic differentiation solves all the usual problems of numerical
differentiation such as precision loss and symbolic differentiation such as
limitations to closed form expressions and expression swell. If you are just getting started with clad, then please
```
